quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/README.md, before:

# YAKC - Kubernetes Dashboard

PoC to show how to build a Kubernetes dashboard with YAKC,
[Quarkus](https://quarkus.io) and [React](https://www.reactjs.org).

## Getting started

### Minikube

If you want just to check-out the final project the easiest way is to deploy the
[released snapshot](https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard)
into Minikube (or any other k8s cluster - needs access to node):

```shell script
# Deploy the application using https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard SNAPSHOT
$ kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manusa/yakc/master/quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.minikube.yml
# Open Browser and navigate to deployed application
$ minikube service yakc-dashboard
``` 

![An image of a screenshot YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard landing page](docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.gif)

### OpenShift Katacoda

You can test YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard by taking advantage of the OpenShift getting started Katacoda.

Access the Course: https://learn.openshift.com/introduction/cluster-access/

When the terminal loads, apply the provided YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard configuration:

```shell script
# Deploy the application using https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard SNAPSHOT
$ oc create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manusa/yakc/master/quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.openshift-4.yml
service/yakc-dashboard created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard-cluster-admin created
deployment.apps/quarkus-kubernetes-dashboard created
route.route.openshift.io/yakc-dashboard created
# Retrieve URL for created route
$ oc get route yakc-dashboard -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'
yakc-dashboard-default.1337-13-kota037.environments.katacoda.com
```

Now you can open the URL in your browser.

## Build

To build the whole project (Front-end & Back-end), the easiest way is to run the Maven build with
the provided profile `build-frontend`.

```shell script
# Build project
$ mvn clean package -Pbuild-frontend
```

## Build & Deploy to Minikube using Maven

Follow these instructions if you want to build & deploy the project into a Kubernetes Cluster, in
this case Minikube.

```shell script
# Provide access to Minikube's Docker daemon (allows to skip pushing the generated image)
$ eval $(minikube docker-env)
# Build and deploy project
$ mvn clean install -Pbuild-frontend,k8s
# Open Browser and navigate to deployed application
$ minikube service yakc-dashboard
```

This will also add a role binding for the default service account to the cluster-admin role in the
`default` namespace. In case you are working on a different namespace you can customize this
value by providing a value for the `k8s.namespace` project property:

```shell script
# Build and deploy project to custom namespace
$ mvn clean install -Pbuild-frontend,k8s -Dk8s.namespace=custom
```

## Development

You can work on the project with hot reload by starting both applications separately.

### Back-End

The back-end application is a Quarkus application, you can start it in development mode by:
```shell script
$ mvn quarkus:dev
```

### Front-End

You can find the React client application in the [`src/main/frontend`](src/main/frontend)
directory.

```shell script
# Install required dependencies
$ npm install
# Start development mode
$ npm start
```

You can point your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

Commit message:

WIP: Native build configuration
Caused by: com.oracle.svm.core.jdk.UnsupportedFeatureError: Proxy class defined by interfaces [interface com.marcnuri.yakc.api.core.v1.CoreV1Api] not found. Generating proxy classes at runtime is not supported. Proxy classes need
to be defined at image build time by specifying the list of interfaces that they implement. To define proxy classes use -H:DynamicProxyConfigurationFiles=<comma-separated-config-files> and -H:DynamicProxyConfigurationResources=<co
mma-separated-config-resources> options.

quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/README.md, after:

# YAKC - Kubernetes Dashboard

PoC to show how to build a Kubernetes dashboard with YAKC,
[Quarkus](https://quarkus.io) and [React](https://www.reactjs.org).

## Getting started

### Minikube

If you want just to check-out the final project the easiest way is to deploy the
[released snapshot](https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard)
into Minikube (or any other k8s cluster - needs access to node):

```shell script
# Deploy the application using https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard SNAPSHOT
$ kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manusa/yakc/master/quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.minikube.yml
# Open Browser and navigate to deployed application
$ minikube service yakc-dashboard
``` 

![An image of a screenshot YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard landing page](docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.gif)

### OpenShift Katacoda

You can test YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard by taking advantage of the OpenShift getting started Katacoda.

Access the Course: https://learn.openshift.com/introduction/cluster-access/

When the terminal loads, apply the provided YAKC Kubernetes Dashboard configuration:

```shell script
# Deploy the application using https://hub.docker.com/r/marcnuri/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard SNAPSHOT
$ oc create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manusa/yakc/master/quickstarts/quarkus-dashboard/docs/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard.openshift-4.yml
service/yakc-dashboard created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/yakc-kubernetes-dashboard-cluster-admin created
deployment.apps/quarkus-kubernetes-dashboard created
route.route.openshift.io/yakc-dashboard created
# Retrieve URL for created route
$ oc get route yakc-dashboard -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'
yakc-dashboard-default.1337-13-kota037.environments.katacoda.com
```

Now you can open the URL in your browser.

## Build

To build the whole project (Front-end & Back-end), the easiest way is to run the Maven build with
the provided profile `build-frontend`.

```shell script
# Build project
$ mvn clean package -Pbuild-frontend
```

### Native image

**WIP**

The first step is building the `reflection-config.json` file that will be used by GraalVM to register
classes for [reflection](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/Reflection/.
```shell script
$ node scripts/generate-reflection-config.js
```

Next we can build the application
```
# On Windows first you need to run this
$ "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\BuildTools\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat" && mvn clean install -Pnative
# To build (You can combine with the front-end build profiles)
$ mvn clean package -Dnative
```

## Build & Deploy to Minikube using Maven

Follow these instructions if you want to build & deploy the project into a Kubernetes Cluster, in
this case Minikube.

```shell script
# Provide access to Minikube's Docker daemon (allows to skip pushing the generated image)
$ eval $(minikube docker-env)
# Build and deploy project
$ mvn clean install -Pbuild-frontend,k8s
# Open Browser and navigate to deployed application
$ minikube service yakc-dashboard
```

This will also add a role binding for the default service account to the cluster-admin role in the
`default` namespace. In case you are working on a different namespace you can customize this
value by providing a value for the `k8s.namespace` project property:

```shell script
# Build and deploy project to custom namespace
$ mvn clean install -Pbuild-frontend,k8s -Dk8s.namespace=custom
```

## Development

You can work on the project with hot reload by starting both applications separately.

### Back-End

The back-end application is a Quarkus application, you can start it in development mode by:
```shell script
$ mvn quarkus:dev
```

### Front-End

You can find the React client application in the [`src/main/frontend`](src/main/frontend)
directory.

```shell script
# Install required dependencies
$ npm install
# Start development mode
$ npm start
```

You can point your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
